December 4, 2014
- very good blue tooth speakers with additional capability to tap right into internet radio and entire Amazon music collection.
No Cons as of yet
Got my Echo yesterday and so far am very pleased.  I paid $99 for the unit and at that price it is an absolute bargain.  Contrary to CNET's review, I thought the sound quality was excellent and surprisingly full for a relatively small unit.  And the microphones are amazing: 1)they can hear me talk in a normal voice from 20-30 feet away even when music or the TV is playing; and 2) they are very accurate and 90% of the time the device does what I want it to do with no issues. The range of what the personal assistant can do is relatively limited now but I imagine future updates will expand that.  For now that's a fun and nice to have feature but in now way a game changer.  The real benefit is easy, hands-free access to my and Amazon's entire digital music library as well as numerous internet radio stations.  The echo app on my Kindle works great and I can also control the unit via Safari on my IOS devices.  All in all a wonderful bargain at $99.  I'm not sure it's worth $199 but I can't imagine it will be long before Amazon is discounting these like they do their other devices.    
December 4, 2014
It is so convenient. Using the last egg. Just tell Alexa to add it to your shopping list.
Wish it could do more. Limited in functionality to about 1/2 dozen tasks at this time. 
All things considered I can't help myself. I love this thing. I find when I am away or in the car I want to ask Alexia to play the music I want, or read my news to me.
January 9, 2017
It would be a great living room speaker/assistant.
I can't afford to purchase after Dot 2nd Generation and Blackweb Tsunami Bluetooth speaker.
I love the idea of Echo and I am wanting to get one for the living room. Echo still destroys Google Home as an assistant though Home has much better audio quality and answers questions in a less formal format. I actually have grown attached to the more specific way to speak with Alexa because it requires using your brain to think before you ask her a question. I named my Dot 2nd Generation Dottie and in a way I wish I could address her as Dottie but I like the name Alexa to wake her up just fine until expanded past Amazon or Echo.
December 2, 2016
easily adding items to a shopping list when hands are 'full'
Inability to *easily* clear a completed list to start a new one
For a "Smart tool", it's pretty dumb.  Initially we were impressed with getting the weather and setting alarms/timers and expanded our use to Shopping Lists. Quickly and easily adding items to a shopping list and then printing it out was great, but once completed, the 50 items on the list needed to be deleted.  Apparently the instructions on the Amazon site are wrong (customer Service confirmed this) and there is no "Select All" function, so in order to delete the 50 items from my shopping list, I must tap( Alexa app) or click(PC) 50 times + another 6 or so scroll down/page downs in order to see the next set of items.   Once I have SELECTED, I can do a Delete All, but the lack of a Select All makes this pretty dumb and having to click (tap) nearly 60 times to delete 50 items is unacceptable.    We will continue to use for music and weather, but we've revised out Christmas Shopping list and taken Alexa off for the 7 family members (7 x $150 (on sale) = $1050 -- Amazon are you listening ?)  that *were* (past tense) going to be getting one.  Fortunately we've reverted to using pen and paper for our shopping list so removing them was simple.
December 28, 2015
Music, shopping lists, weather, 7 min workout routine, facts
Limited sports and TV information 
Overall I love the Echo. I think the thing it does best is Music and I wasn't even expecting that. You have access to a million songs on Amazon plus whatever music you own and upload. It also connects to my Pandora.
Adding items to my shopping list is great and I can simply open the app when I get to the grocery store and see all the items I need. I also added a feature where Echo can print my shopping list using IFTTT.com.
I ask Alexa for the weather almost every day when I get dressed to know what to wear.
There is a 7 Min Workout routine that I really enjoy on days that I can't get to the gym.
It was able to tell me the score to the giants game but when I asked what the Giants record is, it didn't know. I asked asked when a certain show is on TV and it couldn't tell me but I found an add-on that allows you to do that. 
Overall this is a great device that is getting better all the time.
September 15, 2015
I can control all my lighting and thermostat by voice
I can't access my iTunes library
It does a ton of fun helpful things, great deal for the money
September 2, 2015
Great voice recognition
Expensive
I saw a new television commercial for the Echo last night and it went something like this:
"Alexa is there proof alien life exists in the universe?"
Echo: "Yes it does exist and they are headed to Earth to invade and destroy all earthlings."
"Oh NO! What can we do to stop the invasion?"
Echo: "Well if you'd like to sign up for the Premium Prime program at an additional $199.99 per year I can    protect your family from the invading aliens." 
Love that marketing...
June 24, 2015
Sound is very good, can hear well from a distance, understands most commands
Accuracy could be better, would like ZWave integration
Overall this product is excellent.  The sound is very good for a speaker but the real charm and value is the ability to look up quite a few things via voice. We rely on playing our Pandora stations all the time as well as other music services. The Echo is also good at adding items to your shopping and To Do lists. 
Echo performs as well or better than we expected. 
Looking forward to further enhancements. 
June 14, 2015
How they are working hard to upgrated it with new updates coming out about once a week or so
I just want it to allow for more converstation and intergration with other devices but that is coming. 
I was an early adopter getting in on the $99.00 price. I am very impressed with how responsive the Amazon Echo team is with our requests and feedback. I also created the community on Google plus called "How to use the Amazon Echo" for people like me that own one or wanting one. I know it is developing and I am fine with that as along as they keep improving it. The speaker is fine for moderate listening levels and great for books on tape or the news. @MartinBrossman 
June 14, 2015
I can use my voice for everything. I don't need to get up and grab  a tablet or open me computer or use a button to activate a search. Great audio!
Just wish it was portable, but that is easily resolved with buying another one!
I struggle with CNET professional reviews. This speaker cost almost $200 less than the cheap beats box and does wayyyyyyy more than just play music. I would say this is the first smart bluetooth speaker. Problems this speaker box solves. 
1. My wife bugging me to find out the weather in the morning from bed: Solved "Alexa, what is the weather outside?" You can also ask for any location. I can do this while laying in the comfort of my bed using my voice.
2. Forgetting stuff on my shopping list, due to having to either type it in or write it down. Solved "Alexa, please add milk, soy sauce, wine and chocolate to my shopping list.". All done with my voice in my kitchen. Also nice to check when leaving work as my wife adds things last minute. It all uploads to the app on my phone.Try doing something in your kitchen after handling kitchen with both hands and you want the song to skip. Done "Alexa, skip"
3. Spelling,  math, measures, info, timers, alarms, time, sports, news, traffic, jokes....All easy to access and the  info is great. The list goes on. 
4. To do list. All great and similar to siri but better. All done with your voice. 
I could go on all day with how great this speaker is. I actually got in trouble for buying it because my wife thought it was some standard bluetooth speaker. Once she started playing with it and seeing how useful it was, she stated " how do we get another one?" Turns out it won't be available till July. I contacted Amazon to make an exception, but I'll have to wait. 
So why did I struggle with the pro review by cnet? They obviously are either paid by Beats or spent 5 minutes with Echo without giving it a chance. No surprise all the consumer reviews are more positive. If it were that bad, then maybe these reviews would be consistent too? You be the judge. 
I stand behind this product and I would give it a higher rating if that were available. Do you want to make your cheap home a smart home without spending thousands of dollars or wearing an apple watch that requires you to touch a button, then the Echo is for you. 
Sorry boring bluetooth speakers, you just aren't cool enough for my home. 
June 12, 2015
great sound - even at high volumes - suberb music selection
can't answer every question (yet!!)
 one of the best gadgets/toys I ever got and this is according to my electronics dubious wife!
I wish it had battery capability because I love taking it out to the back yard to listen to while playing in the pool. Very quick response and highly accurate too - much better than the Ford sync in our car. Looking forward to the new bells and whistles to come - would be nice to have Echo send music to a remote Bluetooth speaker.
May 27, 2015
It's a fascinating idea!
Still limited in its capabilities...but shows promise !
"Alexa" is a fascinating idea, but unfortunately Amazon released it to the public without fully checking out its capabilities!  Tried to download all my ITunes ( at $25. bucks per year) and only half of my songs downloaded!  Called Amazon and they offered to give me a $30 credit to buy the songs that didn't appear, but I am missing over 300 songs!!!! I told them to forget it and just cancel my subscription.  Much to Amazon's credit, they told me they will try to solve this problem for me!  It's got to get better and you will love it!  Meanwhile, you have to deal with this product taking baby steps...hopefully it will be walking soon!
May 25, 2015
IT WORKS!!!!!  
Don't turn it all the way up.
We put ours int he kitchen.  It kinda reminds us of 2001 a space odyssey, and HAL without the attitude and cool features through your smart phone.
May 22, 2015
It does what it is supposed to do
None for the price
I've had the Echo since May 8th.  It was easy to set up using the echo app and phone. 
My wife and I had fun with it the first night asking her to play different artist and songs. Prime music has a good selection we had a few times she didn't have a artist but I was asking for some odd 90 Alternative music.  
I have not set up my wife's Pandora yet.  But I use the Iheart radio feature ever time I cook dinner to listen to local new station or sports talk. 
I didn't think my wife was using it much so I used the simon says feature to play a joke on her
Using the remote you can push the mic button and say simon says and it will repeat what every you say.   Last week I was in the living room and wife was in the kitchen  and I said "Simon say  Tracey why don't you like me I really like you."  I hear my wife say "What the Hell?" and she comes into the living room. And starts to say something then she sees my face and ask did you do that?   I couldn't stop laughing.
The next day I came home and heard music in the kitchen I asked her what she was doing and she was listening to a local rock station from Iheart radio.  I thought she wasn't ever using the echo she told me she uses all the time.
I also ask her for the weather everyday. 
Ok I put the echo in the kitchen and I believe that is where she will stay it is a great kitchen speaker and I can add stuff to my shopping  list by voice.  
As far as sound it is good for the kitchen.  When I really want to listen to music for quality I will grab my Bose Sound Link 2
It does what it does well.    I added a IFTTT recipe to find my phone I can ask Alexi to find my phone and my phone will ring a few minutes later.   It works I tested it after I added recipe.
I do not have any of the light bulbs that you can control through the Echo. 
I think as Amazon updates more and more features will come available  They have already added two features in the three weeks I've had it.
for $99 Yes!!!  at $149 Maybe    at $199  Not sure.   I want a second one so I do recommend It. sounds better then my wife's Amazon Basics blue tooth speaker, It doesn't sound near as good as my Bose. But it does so much more then my Bose.
I say buy it. 
May 20, 2015
Has a lot of promise
Features that help buy something don't work. 
Music: I try to play music, but if it is not on Amazon music, you are SOL. Sometimes it will play a iHeartRadio or Pandora station, most of the time it just tells me that there is no music on Amazon music.
Philip Hue: Forget it. Doesn't work. Doesn't recognize any of the lights or groups. Pretty much useless. 
Purchasing: Haven't tried it. But I wouldn't chance it. 
Household Feature: Doesn't work well. I use my profile for Pandora or iHeartRadio, but my wife's profile is the one with the Amazon Music. There is no easy way to switch between the two accounts or merge functionality without having a full conversation with Alexis.
Traffic, Weather, News: Simple features and they work. But I hardly use them. 
Sound: Decent sound for what it is. Don't expect 5.1 Dolby Digital sound, but better than the average Bluetooth speaker.
Microphone: Just beware, this thing is ALWAYS listening. (obviously it has to in order to hear the command. But it records and saves the audio, not just recognizes speech to text.)
Short answer is, they should REALLY look to improve the software. I'm finding less reasons to use this. I'm thinking they should find a way to integrate with Apple's Siri to get real use out of it. 
Also, really sketchy that you can't leave a review of the product on Amazon's site. 
May 12, 2015
Very accurate out of the box
Music quality
I love this device.  It has been a lifesaver following my husbands' surgery by being able to set multiple timers, playing music, answering questions, etc.  I gave this to my husband for his birthday and he didn't think he would like it.  After using it for a day, he is hooked and Alexa is now a member of our household.
April 21, 2015
Decent sound, ease of use and setup
Doesn't have a headphone jack
I have had this device for a couple of weeks and I'm having a lot of fun with it. I enjoy using voice commands for selecting music, listening to the news, and asking for information like a list of Peter Sellers movies. I also enjoy the weather forecasts. I was disappointed when I asked Alexa for a list of movies playing nearby. Perhaps I didn't phrase my question properly but I don't think so. I'm looking forward the development and expansion of features. One thing that I really dislike is there isn't a headphone jack for private listening or playing the device through a sound system.
April 20, 2015
Easy set up, very cool, voice recognition good, great range
could be better for some questions
My Echo arrived on 4/16/15, and I was beyond excited. She (I'm calling it "she" because her wake word is Alexa, and she speaks in a female voice) was easy to set up, and I was listening to music and asking questions very quickly. I will say that she is ABSOLUTELY best at playing music on request-- so easy, and as I was cooking it was great to be able to ask for what I wanted to hear (she uses Amazon Music, Amazon Prime Music, Pandora and IHeart Radio right now) and up it came. I was able to turn the volume up from another room just by asking (although once I did that she couldn't hear me to turn it down until I got much closer.) I have given it a good workout-- trying all of the things on the "things to try" card that came in the package and she was amazingly quick and had no problem understanding my commands. There is a voice recognition training, but the 3 people at my house that gave commands were recognized without doing that training. I love that she talks back to me (For example "Alexa, good morning" is returned by a pleasant "good morning." back.)  The questions that she could not answer, she readily admitted, "hmmm.. I don't know the answer to that" along with a Bing search sent to the Echo app ( free to download on your mobile device-- actually a requirement) which usually resulted in a quick answer anyway. I know that she's still a baby and learning, but I'm so excited to see what's next, for now I'll enjoy having someone in my house that just listens and at least tries to do what I ask without arguing!! :) Good job Amazon.. looking forward to taking the journey to the internet of things with you!
April 18, 2015
Easy to use, decent sound, great potential
Currently limited, expensive, will limit other Amazon access (read review)
First, a couple of quick notes: (1) I think it's very disingenuous for Amazon to prevent reviews of the Echo on Amazon - that's an Internet no-no; (2) Alexa does not know who Grumpy Cat is; (3) Amazon Echo has a way to go.  What I like most about the Echo is that I can see the vast potential.  Unfortunately it seems all about Amazon making more $$.  There will be non-monetized features to stay competitive, but most features added over time are going to be specifically to promote selling something.  Amazon should probably give these away (not yet worth $200 ).  I can see a downside in Amazon focusing too much of their service/content access to this device ultimately limiting the value of Prime access and other ways of getting to "stuff".  For example, you cannot get Prime Music on Roku - only your own music library. You can get Prime music on the Echo.  The limitation of having to bluetooth connect to a device to access (for example) your Pandora stations is inconvenient.  I know why it's that way (it's easier to just be a remote control), but it's also very limiting.  When I leave my phone in my office, the Echo in the kitchen can no longer play pandora stations... at this price it should have enough onboard memory to store critical information for automatically logging into approved services to act as a remote control over the internet, not through my phone, not through an app.  I'm sure there are a ton of little issues like this that add up to making Alexa much less convenient and maybe not useful for many things it could be used for.  We'll see.  For now, despite how much I like it, I am not going to buy a second one (which if fully fleshed out in the way it should be I would in a heartbeat).
March 5, 2015
Plays your amazon playlists and iHeartRadio, create and manage shopping/things to do lists, cell phone app and much more! 
Echo is young and will mature with age, slight learning curve, can’t talk with marbles in your mouth.
It may be a gadget, but it is the best gadget I have ever owned. Alexa
has only missed a few words and that was because I wasn't speaking clearly. I
love that it plays the music and playlists I have uploaded to Amazon. I have
used and love the shopping list feature, which works great with the cell phone app.
It is a handy and time saving feature. The remote control is terrific. There is a
multitude of things you can do with the Echo that will make your life more
protective and enjoyable. Be creative and take the time to explore all the possibilities
and I think this device will be amazing to you as well.
February 23, 2015
Good voice recognition.
Poor web searching capability.
True to the promise of Amazon's Fire TV, the audio pick-up and voice recognition is very good.  I haven't tried it in a noisy room yet, but I have from the next room and it usually hears me.  Most of the time it hears my questions correctly, too, except it has trouble with homophones: I got 'corral' instead of 'chorale', when I wanted music,for instance, and 'flower' instead of 'flour' added to my shopping list.  As for audio output, the music sound quality is not bad for such a small device.  Not exactly the room-filling sound of Bose, but OK.  But "Alexa's" voice comes through clearly, even if the intonation is sometimes a little quirky--much like your GPS device when it's reading place names instead of just directions.
The things shown in the ads for the product it does well.  I get weather reports (albeit brief ones) quickly, and it sets timers and alarms quite readily.  But when it comes to answering questions beyond a set group of web sites, the device can't compete with Samsung's "OK, Google" cell phone feature.  Samsung can often read me an answer, and when it's too complicated for that, it gives me a list of relevant web sites.
The Echo, however, will simply shut down or say something like, "Hmm . . . I can't find an answer to your question."  Since there is a companion app for Kindle or a cell phone, you would think it would send search results to the app when there's too much to choose or read, but there doesn't seem to be that sort of automatic connection yet.
Nor do the questions have to be that hard.  When I asked for driving time to another city, it told me since it didn't know how fast I was driving, it couldn't tell me that.  Funny, plenty of web sites can, based on the speed limit, if nothing else.
I also wish Amazon wasn't storing EVERY search in the cloud.  It feels like an invasion of privacy.  You can delete them with the app, but not in bulk.  If you're using the device much, it can take a long time to delete the requests one by one.  I know Amazon is using this to improve voice recognition, but there has to be a better way.  Get a confirmation that the request was correct, then delete the request itself!
I'm assuming Amazon really will keep upgrading the software so that the Echo can do more for the money.  When it does, I'll probably give it another star or two.  For now, though, even at the discount $99 price, it's a little much for a gadget that still can't do nearly as much as your cell phone.
February 21, 2015
Voice control, cost, music control
Sound quality, limited vocabulary
Final verdict from my comprehensive thoughts at: 
I really like our Echo despite the occasional hiccup. It does duplicate the features of other devices, but it also trumps other devices in many ways. After all, I’m not going to use Siri in the shower and Echo sound quality is far superior to my iPhone.
The Echo is a fine gadget and does all things advertised. Given time and a couple of strong cloud updates, the Echo will become more useful and a better value. Part of the fun of Echo ownership is learning what new features Amazon adds.
If you are considering an Echo purchase, you have to ask yourself, “Are the Echo features worth $200?” That’s a personal question you have to answer yourself. If you have $200 burning a hole in your pocket, probably. It’s a fun device and you could spend much more on other gadgets that do less. 
If you can grab an Echo at the limited time Amazon Prime rate of $99, I highly recommend a purchase. No matter how much you spend on the Echo, you will only be satisfied if you force yourself to use it on a regular basis, which we have done. Ours is used everyday due to; location, location, location!
February 20, 2015
Bluetooth 
Fails to respond to voice commands 
Great glimpse in the future of  audio technology. 
February 20, 2015
none
did not connect
could not get it to connect to my wifi.
app could get the echo to connect to my phone when setting it up.
but then the app hung, trying to see my router.
never got to the part to enter the password for my router....the software just spins and spins and spins
very dissappointed.
tried the app from android tablet, android phone, and ipad, all did the same.
will send back...defective?
try another?
February 17, 2015
Great For Music and some information
Data base and funcionality needs to grow
Setup was extremely simple. Tied to Prime Music it provides a great deal of variety. The sound is decent, but not to be mistaken for a stereo system. 
Out of the box the voice recognition was very good. But sometimes although "she" understands exactly what I say, she responds with something unrelated.
It did come in handy the other day. I was reading the instructions for a German built power tool. All specs were referenced in metric. Just for the heck of it I said, "Alexa, what is 380 millimeters in inches?". She answered that and all the other conversions, making it easy to get a handle on things.
Right now the $99 price I paid seems about right. If the functionality continues to grow, the $199 just might be appropriate.  
February 13, 2015
great for listening to music and getting info on the fly
nothing at the moment
this is a pretty cool device.  we keep it in our bedroom.  convenient for the feedback it provides.  at volume level 2 or 3 it sounds fine for background music or to sleep to.  have no reason to crank it.  definitely a worthy price for an early adopter or in this case a prime member.  looking forward to future software and hardware upgrades.  a choice of colors would be nice.
February 12, 2015
Looks nice without calling mush attention to itself.  Works well and NPR spoken word sounds great!
Don't have any problems and I look forward to increasing to database it draws from.
I like the product and could see having a few of them around the house.  As a Prime member of Amazon I got it for $99 and feel that was a great price for a new product.  It is one of those products that will cause people to think of new ways of using it.  I have it in the kitchen and I could see how one could use it as a Chef Assistant.  Cool product and good for Amazon for defining a new product catagory, something you had come to expect from Apple.
February 9, 2015
Design, speech recognition, news, music
no calendaring function or android app coordination
If this product could talk to my favorite apps on my phone (calendar, todoist), then it would solve so many problems for me.  You can save tasks to a shopping list or to do list, but it isn't synced to my android phone.  BUT I can play music easily.  I can tunein a jazz station or the latest pop music, whatever suits my needs, by just asking.  I can ask a question faster than I can type it.  I can request the latest news update from NPR and/or BBC.  Perfect.  I can see how Echo provides a service and someday I hope it does even more.
February 5, 2015
Extreme Convenience
More Interconnectedness
Recommended Improvements:
- Integration with the Fire stick, so that I can voice command TV shows, would displace the chromecast. We used to Chromecast our google play or pandora music through our main stereo, but it is so much more convenient to voice command radio (it will automatically do local radio stations) or amazon prime music, we don't go through the 30 seconds to set up the chromecast. I wish we could voice cast to the Fire stick.
- Better search results for sports scores, game times, and such. I was shocked to learn that it couldn't tell me when the denver game was.
- Integration with mapping (should be able to tell how long it takes to get to places or what the traffic situation is like the weather).
Surprising features:
- Very complete information when you ask about history or calorie counts for food.
- You didn't know how great it is to have a voice activated kitchen timer until you have one.
- Music is always on now because the time required to turn it on is 0.
February 5, 2015
excellent voice recognition ,  works with strong accents, fun ,  
saves our actual voice in cloud (amazon) 
One of the best voice recognition device I used till now. I have played with iPhone siri, google voice, but this is way better.  works with all the people voices in the house. 
the remote is also very good.. it has magnetic holder.. that can stick it to your fridge...
I bought it with prime membership for $99 .. totally worth..  
January 30, 2015
Incredible capabilities, simple, intuitive and just a lot of fun!
Always listening and collecting data
Alexa is truly incredible. I can't believe how easy she is to use, how "smart" she is and how natural it is to use her. She answers questions clearly and understandably, she listens well and asks good questions if she didn't understand something. She is just plain old fun to use and talk to. I honestly did not expect a lot when I bought her, but I have been blown away. And she just keeps getting better! The updates they just issued at the end of January are great. I love being able to play iTunes and Pandora now and her knowledge database is much more comprehensive. 
Make sure to ask her if she is self aware. :-)
I truly love this device. One of the best new technologies I have had the pleasure of playing with!
January 30, 2015
Voice quality is excellent, look of device, accuracy of device
Limited capabilities amd poor app interface
First let me say the voice quality of the device is great. Very clear and natural sounding.  The device recognizes about 90% of what I ask. The shape and look of the device is nicely engineered.
However, very limited capabilities. Most of the time you have to use the application in conjunction with the device. Below are some examples of limited capabilities
Alarm: Only one alarm allowed, cannot set a date for the alarm, no reoccurring alarms and no label
To-Do List: One line entry, cannot set a priority, cannot set a due by date, cannot have Echo read back your To-Do list, app must be used to edit the list, and so on. 
Shopping List: Same as a To-Do list just renamed. Cannot add quantity, price, notes, picture of the item, read back shopping list, cannot ask "Is chicken on my shopping list?"
That's just to name a few limitations. While I can see potential for Echo to become great, I don't see Amazon putting forth the effort.  Interesting note... You cannot provide feedback for everyone to read on Amazons own product like you can all other products on their site. I wonder why?
January 17, 2015
Best Voice recognition 
Can be "smarter"
I am very happy so far. I will update my findings soon.
January 14, 2015
A Nice Glimpse into the feature, voice recognition A+
Limited application, integration, and unknown "watching"
Great idea.  Underscore great.  The Amazon Echo is a very nice glimpse into the future.  It's voice recognition is excellent.  Best in class, best on the market, and yes *gasp* better than almighty Apple.  But Apple will eventually do their own thing, and it will challenge Amazon.
Integration is where we're headed, and the limited application of Echo is really the largest downside.  The affordable, integrated, smart home retrofit is a huge market.  Getting all of our devices to not only talk to each other but integrate seamlessly to enhance our lives is where it's at, folks.  So, your security system, thermostat, lights, dishwasher, oven, washer, dryer, music, television, alarm clock, to do list, grocery list, phones, banking, etc. are all accessible through various apps, but none of it is completely integrated yet.  
Echo offers the first and best preview into what that's going to all be like soon enough.  At the moment, for Prime members, it's a $99.00 toy with fairly limited application.  What it does, it does fairly well.  
So far, arguably the most helpful item is the ability to hands free create a to do list and/or shopping list that is registered on a telephone application.  We love it.  And getting the weather report or flash news has never been easier.  It's a smart application, it's convenient, and it's easy.  They could improve the shopping list application to allow you to rattle off 10 or so items and log them separately instead of having to call the device's name repeatedly, but I suspect it will learn and or they will improve that function.  
Playing music is easy, although the library and station selection is limited.  
The speaker quality is good enough.  
The voice recognition is outstanding. 
The handy remove, which can magnetically attach to the fridge is fantastic.  It allows access to the device when you're farther away from it than what is required for straight voice activation.  
It's amazing that in 24 hours, the children are using it responsibly and legitimately.  Although not thrilled with their cereal selection getting added to the shopping list, that is something that can be remedied by creating separate profiles.  But they ask the weather so they know how to dress for school, and that's a nice positive for this device.  Having your third grader asking Alexa to do his homework for him, not cool..... but hilarious.
Eventually, the Echo will be an outmoded column of parts because the technology will be fully integrated into the home.  I suspect within 5 years, we will all have an affordable option for retrofitting any home with the same technology so that within any room in your home, you can call out to your house to do all of the things that Alexa does, times 50, and all of your technology will work in concert to maximize efficiency.  
Not that I want my third grader asking the house the answer to his math homework, but it's coming.....
Great idea, nice design, excellent voice recognition, limited application at present, good, not great, audio, priced well at $99 (I wouldn't buy one at $199).  
January 9, 2015
EASE of use.  Sound Quality; Growing functionality
Not really smart, but getting there
" Computer - play Tool!" . . .  "Shuffling Tool1"
January 8, 2015
Great sound, ability to speak weather, news etc. on request. Hears commands from long distances.
None
 It fills out large great room with clear, good fidelity music at a reasonable volume. Having access to Prime music, one can ask for any of numerous play lists that should satisfy anyone's tastes. It also will access your own music and 
 stations. The female voice is both pleasant and witty. It can answer most questions and send those it can't to Bing. You can ask it what music it is playing in addition on the phone app it shows what is currently playing along with recent history of what it has played. Clicking an album on your cellphone instantly starts it on Echo. Current and future weather and a NPR new summary are instantly available. As someone else has speculated "imagine if echo becomes brains in your home. Bluetooth connection to turn
 on off lights, control thermostat, turn on TV and switch to channel etc
 just by talking to echo and echo talking to connected appliance."
January 8, 2015
Ease of use, sound, innovation
Must be plugged in, no battery 
Seriously this thing is legit.  I have had bluetooth speakers in the past but none have been so useful.  The ability to keep your phone in your pocket and at any moment tell it to play music is actually very cool.  I play music in the kitchen twice as much due to how easy it is to start and stop.
LOVE THIS THING.  Its my favorite tech gadget , possibly ever.
December 25, 2014
Can answer simple questions and play music
Poor audio quality, Siri can do more when I have it plugged in "hey siri"
I thought this would be great.. for anyone that is enveloped in the Apple ecosystem this thing isn't great at all.. doesnt have a dedicated app, doesnt work with Apple products other than streaming music via bluetooth. 
Honestly even for the $100 Amazon prime price, this thing isn't great, when the iPhone 6 is plugged in (charging) they hey siri function works better than the "Alexa" function because frankly I can just do so much more with Siri. Also as a speaker the audio quality is lacking. I wouldn't recommend this - Amazon's customer service is also lacking in my experience. 
December 24, 2014
Love the voice recognition and instant answers, music etc
Still cannot answer all questions and is not sync with Google/Bing
I bought this off a lucky invitee on Ebay and had to have one of these. If you know anything about Amazon, they are one of the biggest platforms out there for not only buying stuff but music and movies and as a Prime member owning this device, you have access to the entire Prime music library. My first test was to simply listen to Xmas music and bam, this thing pulled up the 50 greatest Xmas songs of all time. What I did like most was this is more intelligent over time and gets to know likes and dislikes. It also learns voices and paired with the iOS app, it is even better showing all your questions in the app, also settings etc. It is not as large as I thought it was going to be and not sure what others are talking about, the sound is crystal clear even at higher volumes. I can see Amazon improving this thing over time and even allowing you to make purchases with 1-Click settings for items you think of everyday. That is in-genius! I may even buy Amazon Fire TV as this actually will send shows and movies to your device you think of request. I would highly recommend if you are one of the lucky ones to receive an invite. If not, go to Ebay and buy one quick since many are selling fast at high prices!
December 24, 2014
Sound, voice recognition future portential
Current limited capabilities
For $99 it's a beta product that needs improvements as do all beta products. Why talk about the $199 MSRP when at this point Amazon hasn't sold any at that price point. IF you buy it know that's what you're getting. It works well, if not better than smartphone's voice recognition and the accuracy outpaces some of the smartphones I've used as well. The only real choice that needs to be made is whether or not you want to spend the money to be a beta tester. The sound quality of the speaker is worth the $100 if the device fails on other measures for you as a beta tester.
December 19, 2014
Nice sound-fills the room.  Lots of music w/ Prime and iHeart. Picks up voice well.
Not many services connected.  Easy to stump her with requests.  No iOS app yet.
I am extremely happy with the $99 price tag for prime members.   It was a no brainer since I was in the market for a bluetooth speaker anyway (easy pairing with iPhone).  We use it everyday to turn on some tunes when we get home.   Really would like more services and intelligence built in, but for $100-200 it is well worth it. 
December 10, 2014
excellent voice recognition, ease of use, link to IHeart Radio, sound quality, design
Lack of services, Alexa's voice 
The product is likely to be a "new device" that a lot of people will buy.  But some will wait for the "Echo 2".   The reasons?  Currently the device offers only rudimentary services.   It would be much more attractive if its services were to be expanded, enhanced.  
Currently:
1. There is no link to email -- it would be fantastic if the device could link to one's email account, and permit, using voice to text, the user to say "send an email to XXX", and then speak the email, and have it sent.
2. There is virtually no sports information -- it would be fantastic if the device could answer questions like "who won the XXX v. YYY game last night?  etc.   There is virtually no sports information accessible on Echo -- although of course one can ask for a "sports radio station" generically or by name/call letters.
3. There does not appear to be a effective search function -- Alexa could not answer for example, a relatively simple question like "when is the next Metro North train from Scarsdale to Grand Central Station".
3. Echo cannot "read the news etc".  While the flash news briefing is nice, it is very basic.  It would be nice to be able to say "read the XXX newspaper editorial page"...., or "read "John Smith's' review of YYY movie".
4. Alexa's intonations/cadence need to be improved.
To justify a $200 purchase price, the device must be more than a glorified "voice activated radio".
December 8, 2014
Voice recognition and usability
Speaker low ranges (fair for the price though)
4 stars out of 5
IT SURPASSED THOSE EXPECTATIONS.
Some Specifics:
-------------------------
Setting it up: (5 stars out of five)
Voice Command Recognition (4 stars out of 5):
Content and functions: (4 stars our of 5):
Sound quality: (3 stars out of 5):
Privacy:
December 7, 2014
Web-enabled clock radio that links to your Kindle and cell phone
Limited features and intelligence
It's a nice sounding monaural speaker
A few things it can't do: tell you traffic conditions or give directions, give you product prices, tell you what's on TV or even tell you your own address.
Some concerns about privacy and data gathering.
December 6, 2014
Ease of use
It's too early to tell.
I like this thing a lot! I probably wouldn't have paid $200 for it, but now that I've used it for a day I may. It's still too early to see where the technology will go, but Alexa is a hit in our home. My kids enjoy asking her questions and adding to the shopping list, and my wife, who was skeptical to say the least, enjoys giving her commands, asking questions, and using the shopping list. She's a lot of fun for $99.
December 6, 2014
Highly convenient and always on. Great speaker
Software is young and I am looking forward to upgrades to shopping list, etc.
I am a big fan.  As already stated by others a voice controlled assistant is not new. 
The magic is its differences. 
Difference #1  No pairing quality speaker
You get a loud quality speaker directly connected to your voice controlled assistant.  No need to pair your phone with a speaker or plug anything in. From anywhere in the room you have one command access to playing your favorite music, podcast news report etc.
Difference #2 Always on assistant
Unlike the assistance in your phone there are no buttons to press etc.  All you have to do is call Alexa (the echo's activation word) by name and call out your request.  You eliminate the following
1.  Pressing buttons::   You don't have to press a button to tell your phone etc. you are now talking to it.
2.  Worrying about being heard::  Alexa will pick up your voice from through out your house.  I already tried speaking to Alexa from my front door while Alexa was in the living room.  There are two separate corners to travel around to get from the front door to the living room and Alexa had no issue hearing me.
3.  Need to charge and locate your device:  Alexa is always there.  You can talk to her when you first get up in the morning without having to be certain she is charged or needing to locate her.  She is a dedicated device plugged into the wall.  She is always powered and her location is static.  Given how well she picks up your voice regardless of your location her static location means she is an always available device.
As currently constituted, Alexa is definitely worth the $100 I paid for it and its value will only increase.  I am looking forward to future software upgrades that will only make this device worth more.   The controller software is solid and not buggy.  Currently its features are streamlined. There are obvious features and applications that could be added to enhance the Alexa experience.  I am looking forward to recieving these enhancements over the coming years.
December 5, 2014
Great speaker, flash breifings of news, weather, information just by asking.
In its present "Beta" state, it is lacking a few things in process.
The fun thing about the Echo is the future and what things that it can do.  Right now it is a great speaker (playing Christmas music from iHeartRadio) that is voice controlled for volume, pause, next/skip, and changing music by genre, artist, album or song. You can also request weather (local or anywhere in the world), news (NPR), and ask questions.  for example I asked the speed of light in miles per hour (640,620,000mph), check spelling, find locations, etc.  It is programed with a little sense of humor, "Open the pod bay doors" will get you "I can'do that Dave.  I'm not Hal and we are not in space." It can also add items to a grocery list and a todo list.  In the future they probably will make it possible to add multiple list instead of just the two they offer now.
The most unique feature is that it is stationary and will respond to any voice it hears up to 30-40 feet away, including around corners once it hears its awake word.
For the price ($99 for Amazom Prime members selected to test before the public release) it is one great gadget that pomises to be member of a lot ofamilies.  Once refined for public consumption it will be a steal at the suggested price of $199.
December 4, 2014
It is simple to use. 
Not a con really, just waiting for the functionality to expand over time
The voice processing is quite good in my opinion.  As the underlying data and processing algorithms continue to expand it will be a very interesting product.  For example as the ability to consume results from search engines at a next level of depth will add significantly to the functionality.  Search engines that adjust and tailor their output to allow non-display technology to consume their output could find that they gain a competitive edge.
December 3, 2014
Excellent voice recognition, very useful, sounds surprisingly good...
Could have access to more information 
I honestly wasn't too sure about this until I actually had it in my home. I absolutely love it. Arguments saying - it's been done before are completely invalid - this is all voice...no looking for your phone or tablet to start it up (Siri, Google Now..etc). This is done the way it should be always on, always responsive to voice alone.
Yes, right now it is limited but this is the beginning of true smart homes and I see every home with a similar device in the future. You wake up and ask for the time, the weather, the news...the day. You add stuff to your shopping list and todo list that go right to your phone app so you have them with you later. Your hands are full - you want info, a timer or alarm set you just say what you want. 
As for playing music, the sound is better than I expected though not audiophile. Its great to walk in the door and ask it to either play something specific or something generic. If you have Amazon Prime then getting this is a complete no brainer.
As for the CNET review - it's worthless..like the reviewer didn't even try the product...but then CNET has been in Apple's pocket for years and cannot be trusted to give an unbiased review.
