February 4, 2017
nothing so far
it can't anwser even the simplest of questions
I bought my wife this for a Christmas present. We are always researching different trivia and figured this would be a great way to get information quickly. I also assumed that since it was backed by Google that it would have unlimited access to information. I was very wrong. This cant even answer the simplest questions, but it will keep telling you that its "learning". I asked it to name the movies nominated for best picture for this years Oscars and it couldn't answer that question. I asked what two teams are playing in the superbowl. again it could not answer the question. so far this is a complete waste of money. we don't care about using it to turn on lights and things like that. we want questions answered.
one other thing that is disappointing is it has to be plugged in. You would think it would be portable enough to have a built in charger. we spend our summers by the pool and would love to take it to the back yare to use without having to plug it in. we'll hear a song and want to know the name and artist. it would be great to do that. but it probably wouldn't be able to answer the question anyway. 
January 26, 2017
Saying "You suck!" lets you submit complaint
It is a very sub-standard product
They went through all the hoops to get Chromecast on it but don't support pairing as a bluetooth speaker and microphone?  That is a big fail.  Also, Pandora constantly freezes, requiring a reboot.  When it is not freezing, it is skipping ahead automatically a few seconds into the song.  Just long enough for you to think: "Hey! Great song! ... Oh, damn!"  Also, I am a paid Pandora subscriber with no other people or devices accessing my account, yet I frequently hear: "You are currently using more than one device".  No I am not.  Also, the voice recognition is crap.  God help you if you want to listen to "The Byrds" or "Beck".  "I'm sorry, I can't help you with that."  The one thing I like about it so far, is that when you say: "Hey Google, you suck!" it lets you submit a complaint.
January 14, 2017
I love the audio quality and accuracy of some answers.
I don't like the lack of calendar sync and inaccurate alert times.
I am very impressed with the audio quality of the Google Home but disappointed that it meant only for a Chromecast speaker and not Bluetooth speaker as well because I like to listen to Police Scanner 5-0 app which is not a Chromecast yet. It would be great on Home or Chromecast Ultra. I also have been disappointed with the Chromecast listed apps that suddenly won't Chromecast Christian stations or Jewish either but have no issue with Muslim radio. I am particularly sad that Bott Radio Network won't Chromecast but I have a great Blackweb Tsunami Bluetooth speaker I named Blackie and I paired with Dottie, my Amazon Echo Dot 2nd Generation companion. If the Home would become Bluetooth connectivity I would sell the Amazon Echo Dot 2nd Generation and Blackweb Tsunami Bluetooth speaker to get the space on my surge suppressor for the Home again which my housemate loves for verbal music and information obtaining.
December 26, 2016
easy set-up
doesn't do much
it doesn't recognize multiple users either which for the price is expected - to know the voices of the family.
December 22, 2016
Google name
lots of hiccups
Early adopter so I knew this would not be perfect yet but have high hopes. Does not have the same capabilities as Amazon Echo and is lacking in many areas. Synced it with my Hue lights and Smartthings devices. The hiccups came when I asked it to turn off the lights and only some went off and others stayed on. It took me several tries to get this to work. Music is okay, sync with Pandora or Google Music but again hiccups come when you ask to play songs by certain artists and instead it plays from a station not even related to that artist. I have no doubts this will improve but I ask myself a few times why don't I return and wait for this to get better. Jury is still out on this device.
November 17, 2016
Its beautiful and speakers are really nice
129$ price. It should have been 99$ :)
Have been using it for 10 days. I also have echo. Though Echo works most of the time, Google Home speaker quality is way better for music. I have stopped using my Bose bluetooth speakers, thats saying something. Home is also better looking (customizable though have default option with me) and has better answers. Best of the lot is 'Play Trivia' feature on Google Home!! My kids love that along with knock knock jokes. Though diff may not be much but I think Google Home listens and interprets better. 
